‎Can you imagine
seeing a valley full of human bones
‎that slowly assemble themselves;
‎grow sinew, muscle, and skin;
‎and then come to life?
‎It must have made the hair
on Ezekiel’s neck stand up.
‎But Jehovah gave this vision
not to frighten us but to give us hope.
‎That hope is expressed
in the title of chapter 10,
‎“You Will Come to Life.”
‎The statement is recorded
at Ezekiel 37:5:
‎“This is what the Sovereign Lord Jehovah
says to these bones:
‎‛I will cause breath to enter you,
and you will come to life.’”
‎This chapter will help you answer
these intriguing questions:
‎Why did the exiles in Babylon
say that their bones were dry?
‎In what way was
the modern-day “Israel of God”
‎in a deathlike situation?
‎How did “the Israel of God”
experience a gradual restoration,
‎and when did they “come to life”?
‎How do you feel about being part
‎of the “extremely large army”
that Ezekiel’s prophecy foretold?
‎You are living proof
‎that the prophecy we’re about to discuss
‎has been fulfilled.
‎The Governing Body
considers it a privilege
‎to serve along with you
in the large army of loyal ones
‎who give Jehovah pure worship.